Left in ruins by Batman final showdown with
a Titan-enhanced Joker, Arkham Asylum is deemed
no longer capable of housing the criminals
of Gotham City by its newly appointed mayor
and ex-warden of Arkham Asylum, Quincy Sharp.
The brother-sister crime duo known as T&T,
also jacked on Titan, make an attack on City
Hall, and when they're thwarted by good ol
Batman, they resort to blowing themselves
up. Titan is a nasty drug.
With Gotham City hall demolished and the populace
in panic, Quincy Sharp takes this opportunity
to declare martial law and reveal his plans
for Arkham City. Sharp plans to wall off
half of the city to house criminals in an
open-air detention facility, which effectively
makes half of Gotham a playground for Batman's
enemies.
Mayor Quincy Sharp - wicked mastermind, you
ask? Not so, as he's merely a puppet for an
evil psychiatrist.
Enter Hugo Strange - Arkham Asylum's resident
psychiatrist and sinister architect of the
Arkham City Project. His deranged obsession
with Batman has led him to believe Bruce Wayne
and the Bat are one and the same. Strange,
having set the stage for chaos, wields absolute
power in politics and crime alike and now
sets his sights on the Batman.
Have fun!